Optimize dev env instructions (#1072)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/development_environment.mdx

  return <div>
    <input onInput={(ev) => setValue(ev.target.value)} style={{width: "80%", display: "inline-block", marginRight: 16}} />
    <a href={repoUrl}><button style={{cursor: value == "" ? "default" : "pointer"}} disabled={value == ""}>Open</button></a>
  </div>
}
```

You'll need to set up a development environment if you want to develop a new feature or component for Home Assistant. Read on to learn how to set up.

## Developing with Visual Studio Code + devcontainer

The easiest way to get started with development is to use Visual Studio Code with devcontainers. This approach will create a preconfigured development environment with all the tools you need. This approach is enabled for all Home Assistant repositories.
The easiest way to get started with development is to use Visual Studio Code with devcontainers. This approach will create a preconfigured development environment with all the tools you need. This approach is enabled for all Home Assistant repositories. [Learn more about devcontainers.](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers)

**Prerequisites**

> - [git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)

Author: Not needed with remote container volumes

- Docker
  -  For Linux, macOS, or Windows (Pro/Enterprise/Education) use the [current release version of Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)

>   -   Windows Home requires [WSL 2](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/wsl/install-win10#update-to-wsl-2) and the current Edge version of Docker Desktop (see instructions [here](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/wsl-tech-preview/)). This can also be used for Windows Pro/Enterprise/Education.

Author: Just link to Docker as the instructions now cover WSL2 as default.

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/)
- [Visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)

> - [Remote - Containers (VSC Extension)][extension-link]

Author: VS Code will prompt user to install this if they open a VSCode URL for that extension

> 1. Go to [Home Assistant core repository](https://github.com/home-assistant/core) and click "fork"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Home Assistant core repository](https://github.com/home-assistant/core) and click "fork".
```

3. Your browser will prompt you if you want to use Visual Studio Code to open the link, click "Open Link".
4. When Visual Studio Code asks if you want to install the Remote extension, click "Install".

> 5. Your development environment will now be set up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The Dev Container image will then now be built (this may take a few minutes), after this your development environment will be ready.
```
